8/16/2012
1. 3D ROI Annotation functionality is more complete.
2. Fisher Criterion is more stable.
3. Bug fix in Comparison mode of Training/Testing mode.
4. Bug fix in channel switching for ROI mode.

5/25/2012

1. Introduced two new modes for taking input. In addition to the target file mode, now there is a ROI mode and directory structure mode.
2. 3D images are now displayed in 3D volume viewer.
3. Legends dialog added to ROI annotation.
4. For multilabel annotation, summary of classes were added to result.


12/06/2011

1. Renamed to BioCAT
2. Additional "FeatureJ" feature extractors included.
3. New parameters for "Partial3D" extractor.
4. ROI annotation results can be exported to user selected path as plain text files with co-ordinates.

8/23/2011

New features:

BI-CAT -- Biological Image Classification and Annotation Tool v1.0

Completely refactored from the original IANO!

1.  Re-designed GUI that is more user-friendly and with more functionality.
2.  Consolidated GUI and algorithms for working with 2D and 3D bio-images.
3.  Model selection supports an auto-comparison of algorithm chains to automatically pick the best algorithms for the given problem
4.  Model selection module includes training/testing, training only and cross-validation modes.
5.  An algorithm chain in auto-comparison can be custom-built to include multiple feature extractors, selectors and a classifier.
6.  All algorithms and parameters are configured using easy-to-edit property files, based on which GUI is dynamically created.
7.  Learned chain and models can be saved and loaded in later annotation sessions, or directly applied in current session.
8.  Integrated single-label Image set classification, multiple-label image annotation and ROI annotation.
9.  Detailed and savalble reports of model selection results.
10. Detailed and savable reports of annotation results.
11. Simple algorithms interfaces for programmers to extend to more algorithms.

Known issues:
mRMR feature selector is native code and not supported on some platforms (e.g. 64bit windows).


Sample image acknowledgements:
K150: Howard Hughes Medical Institute
2DROI: Cell Centered Database
